I'm making a visual novel in Renpie and
I'm not really a visual artist. So for
the visuals, I'm using Pixel Lab to
create the characters and backgrounds.
The story follows a dream therapist who
enters patients dreams to help them deal
with their fears. [music] So the
characters need to feel expressive and
believable. I started with the character
portraits. [music] I used Pixel Lab's
create image MXL tool on a 256x 256
canvas [music] to get clean, detailed
portraits. For the doctor, I prompted an
adult woman with short brown hair, light
skin, and green eyes, wearing a white
button-up shirt with a loosened dark tie
holding a notebook. Then I made the kid
Leo. For him, I prompted a young boy
with brown hair and big eyes wearing a
sweater holding a teddy bear in front of
his chest. Same front-facing portrait,
soft colors, simple shading. Once the
base portraits were done, I moved on to
expressions. I took each character into
edit image and created different
emotions. So, for the [music] emotions,
I simply prompted stuff like make her
tired or make him scared. And it was a
matter of doing some manual touch-ups
and adding [music] it to the game. Let
me know if I should make a video on the
backgrounds or how I made the characters
talk. [music] And don't forget to check
out pixelab.ai AI if you want to make
super cool pixel